A hypnotizing spell?
He's using the door on Renia?
Hold him down, Liger!
Yes!
Edgar, you take care of Kabe!
Roger!
Thank you, Slard-Seld!
It's the Magical Wind Waker! If we don't defeat it, we won't be able to use Kuroki's magic!
If you hide, we'll catch you!
Hey!
Then leave it to me!
What?
That's dangerous, old man!
That's right.
If it weren't for the magic, I'd have had two or three bad grades in physical education,
and
I wouldn't have been of any use.
How many grades is he getting?
I think he's not getting one because he's been doing it seriously.
You don't remember?
Yeah, it's different from when I was holding him in my arms.
He's scary, but he's become stronger because he's yearning for that strength.
This is...
It's about the old man!
He's being respected so much!
Wait!
His strength is real.
What's with that?
Gigant Hunter, Doldor Rexdor!
I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
I'm sorry, old man.
I'm going to the bathroom.
You two can watch over him.
I can't lose to the Black Knight.
Yeah, the Black Knight is amazing, too.
He's a weird guy.
Old man!
Hey, old man!
I'm begging you!
That's enough!
Let me see him first!
Old man!
I'm sorry, old man.
I'm sorry.
"The Black Knight"
He's not coming out.
Will he be okay?
I believe in your strength.
You'll get better.
You're right.
So let's wait while watching the video.
Okay!
Hurry! Let's continue!
You...
Um...
It's the order of wind, fire, and ice.
Old man!
He's alive!
You!
- Old man! - That must hurt!
"The
Safe"
But what was that attack?
It was an elf.
Old man!
Is he okay now?
Yeah, of course.
That was an elf's new equipment.
It was Saya, who went to get it in a hurry.
What? Saya?
It's a super-weapon-like light form.
It seems to be useful.
Glasses! A monitor!
Saya's fine with that, but what's with the glasses?
That's an ancient magic tool too.
Oak's not right!
This way!
Idiot!
He ran away!
So elves hunt humans in half-play because they're royal.
This is all the elf's fault.
Oh, what's that bird?
Isn't it amazing how it can seal magic?
I heard later that
it has a demonic component that can control spirits.
Really? That's the theory?
It sounds like a fantasy.
No, it's like, "That bird stinks, I don't want to work!"
That's what it sounds like.
Oh, I see.
It stinks.
Remus, Whit, Zaldona!
It still stinks. It won't work.
How much does the demon's breath stink?
The spirit doesn't seem to care.
Well, that's how we got back to Alicia and the others.
No!
They're being controlled!
Alicia!
Kuroki!
Oh, a fire!
God, give me a light to heal!
Thanks!
Can't you get rid of sleep with that magic tool?
No way!
Even if the temperature is high,
the essence of the god's power is to heal the mind and body.
It's powerless against all the simple violence.
That's right!
Is there a switch to activate it?
Elves have a special function.
A switch?
Like twisting it.
Huh?
Kuroki, what are you doing?
Isn't that a harmful light?
Oh, yes, that's right.
Is this light the effect of the wand?
Alicia, try to get rid of sleep.
Oh, I got it.
But...
This magic is to make my mind peaceful
and to make my life easier by making it work with the other person.
What?
I can't hear you.
I'm sorry, but please don't look at me.
Oh, sorry.
It's hard to use magic, isn't it?
(Panting)
(Gasping)
Dear god,
let the heart of those who are bewildered
be united with me!
What did I do?
I'm sorry.
You did it, Kuroki!
Alicia!
Shura Iron
My technique!
Alicia, are you okay?
Huh?
Me?
Uncle, what's this?
With the magic
that was strengthened with the wand, Alicia was able to use the techniques of her comrades.
Really?
She's really become a hero.
Wait!
Shura Iron
Damn, a
little bit of magic, huh?
I'm finally here.
Raidoka Nivaldo Baglhild.
The spirits of the water here are really angry.
Prepare yourself.
Baglhild
Alright.
Thank you very much.
As expected of the hero.
I'll come back.
Uncle, I'm sorry for being scared earlier.
No, it's really nothing.
For the time being, the barrier is blocked by the outer wall.
Please check the bath.
It's so free.
You can go to the river while watching the sunrise.
It's a big one.
It's a great barrier.
I can't believe I was able to use this kind of magic.
I've put a big one on before.
I'm glad it was useful.
Yay!
We can finally sell it to a barren inn with no
Is that what you thought?
It's exactly what Fevia said.
What are you talking about, Rinea?
Well, that's why the fight is over here.
I'm glad you're happy with the result.
But this is a story about being angry at me for not erasing my memory, right?
Oh, that's right.
After the battle, I went back to the hot spring.
Send it quickly.
Oh, yeah.
Excuse me.
I'm so tired of my voice.
I'm so tired of being burned by a demon that I can't tell a man from a woman.
Well, I'll send it quickly.
As it is!
Kuroki, I'm wearing my clothes.
What?
Did you think I was naked?
Well, it's a hot spring.
That's...
That's not true.
Don't go!
Yes, sir!
Sir?
No, no.
This isn't because I saw something sexy.
I know.
You've got your memory back, haven't you?
There's no one who would look at something sexy and talk about it.
Thank you. I was careless.
I erased the memories of seeing Alicia naked.
You're so mean.
Oh.
I know.
You're not interested in a little girl like me, are you?
Is that so?
I'm 20 years old.
That's right.
We're the same age?
Aren't you in your 30s?
I'm in my 20s. I just turned 20.
What month were you born?
I was born in August.
November.
I'm... underage.
Alicia is older.
I agree.
I can't see it.
But this birthday might be wrong.
What do you mean?
I don't have any memories before I was nine.
Kuroki, can you show me a spell to show my memory?
It was August 11 years ago.
Sure.
Ikyuras Erlan.
My first memory was of the blood and the horse carriage.
I was taken out by the goblins in the carriage.
I was saved by the police from the village where Liga and Edgar lived.
I couldn't remember anything else after I was hit in the head.
This was all I had.
In the end, I couldn't find my family.
I think I was killed by the goblins.
After that, I was named Alicia by the Idyllian
Alicia, do you remember things?
Of course.
You have no memories of the past, so everything you've experienced is a treasure.
Well, that's why August isn't my birthday.
I erased your memory twice.
What? What are you kidding?
I can use the Ikyuras Kiora memory erasing spell.
Memory erasing...
Why? I...
Kuroky, what kind of memory did you erase?
You'll get nosebleeds. Be careful.
Nosebleeds?
The first time I erased it was when I defeated the goblin army with Mr. Dold.
The second time was when I captured the Shinnan Labyrinth from the back door.
Then, the goblin punishment, the crusaders, and the hero's title...
It's not me, it's Kuroky!
I'm not that great.
But you fixed the barrier of the sealed city without telling anyone!
That's the way the legendary hero does it.
So you were watching.
You can reveal the truth. I'm going to run away.
What do you mean? Why?
I'm the one who broke the barrier.
What?
Why would you do that?
I was just wondering if I could.
You don't play with the lives of the people half-played, do you?
I came from a different world.
I'm a Japanese Bahamal, just like Mr. Murayama, who made the Purgatory.
What? You?
My goal is the Purgatory.
So I thought that the strongest attack magic would be used on the strong barrier,
and the distortion of the space-time would be the foothold of the Purgatory.
As a result, the barrier was just broken.
Um...
Like the hypnotism today, you tried to make a hole in this and that wall?
To put it simply, that's what it is.
Is it over with the two times I said earlier that you erased my memories?
Yeah, that's all.
Don't use that kind of magic anymore!
Not on me, not on anyone!
It's for my life. If necessary, I'll erase it from now on.
Kuroki!
I don't want to forget about you!
I don't want you to forget about me either!
...
I understand.
I won't use the Purgatory magic on Alicia anymore.
That's not enough!
I won't erase my memories of Alicia either.
How about this?
Promise. Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll use that to hit you.
Ah, but...
What is it this time?
I see. I was reciting while taking notes earlier.
Again? Did I erase some memories earlier?
What kind of memories?
No, it's just that my skin...
I remember! Reproduce it.
It's not a big deal, so it's fine!
No! I promised.
I won't erase my memories of Alicia.
I just saw it for a bit!
You saw it? What did you see?
Um, then...
Can you close your eyes?
Oh, yeah.
...
No way...
I can't get through this...
No!
I'm getting old...
My friend, the demons attack, Alicia gets angry, and the elves shoot.
It wasn't a purgatory, but a hellish
It was a mess.
What should I call you from now on?
Kurokikon?
No, I guess it's fine as it is now.
You erased too many memories, and your head is going crazy, right?
Yeah...
Hey, mister, you should try to keep your memories simple.
That's right!
I erased some bad memories in the bathroom earlier, right?
Huh? I didn't erase any.
But...
You look strangely refreshed.
Oh, no, no. That's not magic.
It's a technique to kill sensitivity.
What is it?
In theory, if you don't feel anything bad in your heart, you won't get any damage, right?
That's what you do.
It's a technique to kill before your heart is killed.
When you're in your mid-20s, your use rate will go up.
You two should practice from now on.
I'm not doing it!
Right, Takafu?
If you don't have a heart...
Yoshi.
Okay, fine.
Stop it!
In the 20 years of the Heisei era, there were many things that happened.
You're useful, mister.
Takafumi! Hey, leave it alone!
From now on, no matter what happens, if I have this technique, I feel like I can overcome
it.